Teacher Portal Side:
Merge the students and classes pages together and give them each a tab within it like with Packs&Boxes having a packs and mystery boxes area
Allow the organisation of the achievements by dragging and not just chevrons
When assigning a class a teacher, allow the selection of a teacher by dropdown. Also add a tab in students and classes called teachers where teachers can be added and classes can be assigned to them easily by dropdowns
When opening packs, after selecting a student and the choice of packs is shown, make this view match the view of the shop with the selection taking up the screen but obviously without the coin value stuff because it's not the shop view.
Allow us to edit a student's coin total in the student list area
When adding collectibles to a mystery box, allow the selection of the glow colour for that figurine. This means that the glow behind a figurine when opening a mystery box is not based of rarity but should match the colour selected for that figurine
Currently rarities of cards are set to common, rare, epic, mythic and legendary while collectible rarities can be changed and new ones added with a colour too. Add the option to edit/add rarities for cards while keeping the existing ones already. Allow us to edit the name and colour of the rarity but also select from a variety of options for card effects. For example the card border colour, the glow effect, particle effects, gleam effects, and other graphics like the constellation one and others. Make sure that cards displayed always pull information from here based on their rarity and that the effects scale based on how the card is viewed whether the card is small or zoomed in.


Student Portal Side:
When figurines are revealed from opening a mystery box, reduce their size on the screen by 20% as they are too big. Also the figurine images are sometimes slow to load. Make sure that they load in quickly.
In the collectibles tab, add the same filtering options as with cards so filtering by rarity and mystery box but also allow the show or hide missing ones.
Remove the option to click a collectible to see it zoomed in as they are big enough in the normal view.
currently the blurred collectibles are cut off a bit near the top by a border of some kind, make sure this doesn't happen
When loading a student's page, make sure cards load in faster.
at the top of the page, add counters for common and rare cards with the two icons added below. put them on the same line as the epic, mythic and legendary rarities

General:
Change the "DUPLICATE" tag colour when it shows up below cards to be a bluey/grey colour instead